[CECO-1067] DDA config for Admission Controller sidecar injection using selector and profile (#1209)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/configuration.v2alpha1.md

| features.admissionController.agentSidecarInjection.image.pullPolicy | The Kubernetes pull policy: Use Always, Never, or IfNotPresent. |
| features.admissionController.agentSidecarInjection.image.pullSecrets | It is possible to specify Docker registry credentials. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod |
| features.admissionController.agentSidecarInjection.image.tag | Define the image tag to use. To be used if the Name field does not correspond to a full image string. |

> | features.admissionController.agentSidecarInjection.profiles | Profiles defines the sidecar configuration override. Currently only one profile is supported. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| features.admissionController.agentSidecarInjection.profiles | Profiles define the sidecar configuration override. Only one profile is supported. |
```

| features.admissionController.agentSidecarInjection.provider | Provider is used to add infrastructure provider-specific configurations to the Agent sidecar. Currently only "fargate" is supported. To use the feature in other environments (including local testing) omit the config. See also: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/eks_fargate |
| features.admissionController.agentSidecarInjection.registry | Registry overrides the default registry for the sidecar Agent. |

> | features.admissionController.agentSidecarInjection.selectors | Selectors defines the pod selector for sidecar injection. Currently only one rule is supported. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| features.admissionController.agentSidecarInjection.selectors | Selectors define the pod selector for sidecar injection. Only one rule is supported. |
```
